Add CLI automatic update instruction (#2239)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/update-azure-cli.md

---
title: Update the Azure CLI
description: Reference for the update of Azure CLI
author: dbradish-microsoft
ms.author: dbradish
manager: barbkess
ms.date: 10/19/2020
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: azure-cli
ms.devlang: azurecli 
ms.custom: devx-track-azurecli
---

# Update the Azure CLI

> You can rely on package managers to update Azure CLI on Windows, macOS and Linux environments (see the `Update` part in each platform-specific install instruction). The CLI also provides in-tool commands to upgrade manually or automatically.

Reviewer: change "part" to "section"?

## Manual Update
[!INCLUDE [az-upgrade](includes/az-upgrade.md)]

## Automatic Update

> You can enable Azure CLI to upgrade automatically through configuration.

Reviewer: Please provide link to az config.

```azurecli
az config set auto-upgrade.enable=yes
```

> The Azure CLI will check new versions regularly and prompt you with an update after any command finishes running once the update is available. 

Reviewer: Change "update" to "upgrade".

---

> title: Update the Azure CLI

Reviewer 2: Upgrade Azure CLI

Reviewer: Please also change the file name.

Author: @dbradish-microsoft I talked to @yungezz offline and we agreed to use `Update` in section name to keep consistent with existing doc.

author: dbradish-microsoft
ms.author: dbradish
manager: barbkess
ms.date: 10/19/2020
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: azure-cli
ms.devlang: azurecli 
ms.custom: devx-track-azurecli
---

# Update the Azure CLI

You can rely on package managers to update Azure CLI on Windows, macOS and Linux environments (see the `Update` part in each platform-specific install instruction). The CLI also provides in-tool commands to upgrade manually or automatically.

## Manual Update
[!INCLUDE [az-upgrade](includes/az-upgrade.md)]

## Automatic Update

You can enable Azure CLI to upgrade automatically through configuration.

```azurecli
az config set auto-upgrade.enable=yes
```

The Azure CLI will check new versions regularly and prompt you with an update after any command finishes running once the update is available. 

The prompt message and output messages during upgrade may interrupt your command result if it is assigned to some variable or in an automated flow. To avoid interruption, you can use the following configuration to allow the update to happen automatically without confirmation and only show warnings and errors during the upgrade.

```azurecli

> az config auto-upgrade.prompt = no

Author: ```suggestion
az config auto-upgrade.prompt=no
```

```

By default, all installed extensions will also be updated. You can disable extension update through configuration.

```azurecli

> az config auto-upgrade.all = no

Author: ```suggestion
az config auto-upgrade.all=no
```

---
title: Update the Azure CLI
description: Reference for the update of Azure CLI
author: dbradish-microsoft
ms.author: dbradish
manager: barbkess
ms.date: 10/19/2020
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: azure-cli
ms.devlang: azurecli 
ms.custom: devx-track-azurecli
---

# Update the Azure CLI

> You can rely on package managers to update Azure CLI on Windows, macOS and Linux environments (see the `Update` section in each platform-specific install instruction). The CLI also provides in-tool commands to upgrade manually or automatically.

Reviewer: You can rely on package managers to update a local install of the Azure CLI on Windows, macOS...

## Manual Update
[!INCLUDE [az-upgrade](includes/az-upgrade.md)]

`az upgrade` is supported on Windows, macOS and some Linux distros as long as installation is supported. It only supports upgrading to the latest version.

When `azure-cli` is already the latest version, running `az upgrade` will check and update all installed [extensions](azure-cli-extensions-overview.md).

> 

Reviewer: add, "If you are running the Azure CLI through Azure Cloud Shell, you are already using the most recent Azure CLI install."  (or some sentence like this.)

Author: changed some wording to clarify for cases when Azure CLI is not the latest on Azure Cloud Shell.

## Automatic Update

> If you would like to keep up with the latest version of Azure CLI, you can enable the CLI to upgrade automatically through [configuration](/cli/azure/config).

Author: ```suggestion
By default, auto-upgrade for Azure CLI is disabled. If you would like to keep up with the latest version, you can enable auto-upgrade through [configuration](/cli/azure/config).
```
